Update install.md add info about ramdisk setup (#3)
ErsatzTV/ErsatzTV.org: docs/user-guide/install.md

  jasongdove/ersatztv
```

> 4\. To limit the writing to a ssd drive you can add a Temporary File System by adddin this line to you docker container before the line contain `jasongdove/ersatztv`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4\. To limit the writing to an SSD drive you can add a Temporary File System by adding this line to your docker container before the line `jasongdove/ersatztv`
```
